DPRIVE WG
2022-07-26
Chairs: Tim Wicinski and Brian Haberman
Notes here only cover comments at the mic, not from the slides

Admin stuff and WG update
    Things are going along, but slow
    Wants to see where things are going

draft-ietf-dprive-unilateral-probing: Daniel Kahn Gillmor
    Tim: Would like to hear from other implementers
    Benno Overeinder: Will speak offline about new work
    Puneet Sood: Google Public DNS is doing at least parts of this
    Viktor Dukhovni: Looking to speak with auth servers about tuning and so on
    Paul Hoffman: This supposed to be harmless or minimal impact
        Let us know if that's not right in the draft
